♪I found a faint light
in the fading dusk♪
♪And met your steady gaze♪
♪One knowing glance,
and side by side we walk on♪
♪Longing finds no place to rest♪
♪Through drifting wind and rain♪
♪You are the prayer within my hands♪
♪A single second frozen,
tears in focus, my heart already knows♪
♪We made a promise long ago♪
♪For all our days to come♪
♪You are the fate I cannot outrun♪
♪How much must I let go
to trade for one moment?♪
♪Holding you close♪
♪Would that be enough?♪
=Echoes of Love=
(Adapted from the signed screenplay
Echoes of Love on Migu Reading)
=Episode 4=
Official Gu,
Huanyue House
has stood in the Capital for many years.
Its roots run deep.
If you cross Huanyue House,
the consequences,
surely you understand.
Have you considered
what it would cost
to oppose me?
It seems
you come with confident.
Who told you I was here to investigate?
I came here for the ladies.
Young Master Gu.
The lady has been arranged for you.
This way, please.
Official Gu,
please have some tea.
Rise.
There is no one else here.
No.
Don't touch me.
What did they do to you?
Your nails...
Was it Shangguan Yu or Zhou Zihua?
Stop asking.
Official Gu,
from now on,
please do not come see me again.
You truly are of no use.
Do not be nervous.
It is only something for the pain.
Careful. Walls have ears.
Sir,
just as we expected,
the two of them
have completely fallen out.
That Yidianhong was well taught indeed.
As for Song Zhiyun,
she knows when to yield.
What is the righteous path,
and what is a dead end,
she understands perfectly.
I underestimated
how dangerous Huanyue House truly is.
Wei Cheng.
Before the Flower Festival, send her away.
But we no longer have
any informants in Huanyue House.
She is full of flaws now.
She is nothing but a discarded piece.
Send her as far away as possible.
I do not wish to see her again.
Official...
Have you grown fond of her?
Yes, you have.
In a few days,
it will be the Flower Festival.
This is your chance
to rise above the rest.
If you can become the leading courtesan,
you will gain entry to that place.
There,
the powerful and noble gather.
If one of them favors you,
you may shed your low status
and marry into a great family.
(Jade Grove and Fair Trees)
Do not forget,
Ruyu, the first courtesan queen
of Huanyue House,
married into a marquis' household.
I heard that last year,
she was granted an official title.
Whether you change your fate
is up to you.
You would do better not
to waste your effort.
This year's courtesan queen
of Huanyue House
will be mine.
The next titled lady
will be me, Su Wanniang.
As for you... Hmph.
(Low-ranking maids are not allowed
to attend the Flower Festival.)
(I need to find a way in.)
(Only then can I work
with Gu Chengye from the inside and out)
(and capture the painter.)
(Jade Grove and Fair Trees.
On the day of the Flower Festival)
My face.
- My face.
- Su Wanniang,
you are about to go on.
What are you waiting for?
Your face...
What happened to your face?
It is only a rash
from some willow fluff.
A little touch-up and I can go on stage.
The guests are
all powerful and affluent.
I will not let you ruin our reputation.
Take it as
fate not favoring you.
Madam Du, Madam Du,
I beg you,
please let me go on, Madam Du.
Madam Du!
Su Wanniang.
Song Zhiyun.
Was it you?
Was it you who did this to me?
Yes, it was me.
I added a little nettle
to your face powder.
You vicious woman.
What exactly do you want?
Su Wanniang,
you have two options now.
First, you can
keep arguing with me here.
But I'm afraid
you will end up just like I did,
the laughingstock of Huanyue House.
Second, let me be your makeup attendant.
If the two of us work together,
I have a way
to help you win the courtesan crown.
Su Wanniang. It is Su Wanniang.
This is the Hundred Flowers Dance.
At the Flower Festival,
we admire fresh blossoms and new dances.
It truly does justice to the spring.
Excellent. Excellent.
Such beauty stirs pity and admiration.
Compared with Liu Ruyan,
she surpasses her.
Indeed.
Did you not say
that Su Wanniang's face was ruined?
I heard
Song Zhiyun helped her.
Song Zhiyun.
What a beautiful young lady.
(Liu Jinxi. Su Wanniang.)
Return to your room.
Song Zhiyun?
What are you doing here?
Did I not tell you to leave?
Second-floor private room.
A pot of Nverhong.
There is no time to explain.
What are you waiting for? Hide him.
Song Zhiyun.
What are you trying to...
Hush. Do not speak.
Honored guest,
this is a complimentary pot
of our finest Nu'erhong.
♪Even if I drift
within a darkened whirl♪
♪Kindred souls
meet the light and become one♪
♪So many chapters,
every wound remembered♪
♪Back where we once stood,
the blossoms still remain♪
♪The night runs deep like watching eyes♪
♪Wave after wave of sorrow♪
Sir,
here's your wine.
My apologies
for the interruption.
♪Longing finds no place to rest♪
♪Through drifting wind and rain♪
♪You are the prayer within my hands♪
♪A single second frozen,
tears in focus, my heart already knows♪
How much longer will you keep it buried?
♪We made a promise long ago♪
♪For all our days to come♪
♪You are the fate I cannot outrun♪